**SENTRY**

**MOBILE APP END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT**

This End User License Agreement (“**Agreement**”) is between Functional Software, Inc. dba Sentry located at 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105-2250 (“**Sentry**”) and the customer (individual or entity) that has downloaded the Sentry mobile app (“**Software**”) for use as an end user (“**you**”). This Agreement is effective on the earlier to occur of the date you first downloaded the Software or clicked to agree to this Agreement (“**Effective Date**”).

**Entry into this Agreement**. If you wish to use the Software as an employee, contractor or agent of a corporation, partnership or similar entity, then you must be authorized to bind the entity in order to accept the terms of this Agreement. The licenses granted under this Agreement are expressly conditioned upon acceptance by such authorized personnel.

**By downloading or using all or any portion of the Software, you are accepting all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to this Agreement, please do not download or use any Software. Each party expressly agrees that this Agreement is legally binding upon it.**

_If you have entered into a separate paid subscription agreement with Sentry which expressly governs use of the Software, the terms of that agreement shall supersede the terms of this Agreement and you shall have no rights to use the Software under this Agreement either during or after the terms of such other agreement._

**1\. License Grant.** Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Sentry grants you a non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license to use the Software in object code form on your mobile device for your internal business purposes, but only in accordance with this Agreement.

**2\. License Restrictions.** You shall not (and shall not allow any third party to): (a) decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer the Software or attempt to reconstruct or discover any source code, underlying ideas, algorithms, file formats or programming interfaces of the Software by any means whatsoever (except and only to the extent that applicable law prohibits or restricts reverse engineering restrictions);(b) distribute, sell, sublicense, rent, lease or use the Software (or any portion thereof) for time sharing, hosting, service provider or like purposes; (c) remove any product identification, proprietary, copyright or other notices contained in the Software; (d) modify any part of the Software, create a derivative work of any part of the Software, or incorporate the Software into or with other software, except to the extent expressly authorized in writing by Sentry; or (e) publicly disseminate performance information or analysis (including, without limitation, benchmarks) from any source relating to the Software.

**3\. Use of Sentry Services.** The Software may enable you to connect to Sentry’s application monitoring service (“**Sentry Service**”). In order for the Software to communicate with the Sentry Service, you may be required to input your credentials for the Sentry Service. For the avoidance of doubt, your use of the Sentry Service is governed by the separate agreement you have entered into with Sentry for use of the Sentry Service and not by this Agreement.

**4\. Consent to Use of Usage Data.** You agree that Sentry may collect and use certain information about your configuration and use of the Software (“**Usage Data**”) to operate, improve and support the Software and for other legitimate business purposes, such as analytics, benchmarking, reporting and developing new products and services. Sentry will not disclose Usage Data externally, including in benchmarks or reports, unless it has been de-identified or aggregated so that it does not individually identify you, your users or any other person, and Sentry will not identify you as the source of Usage Data.

**5\. Ownership.** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, except for the limited license rights expressly provided herein, Sentry and its suppliers have and will retain all rights, title and interest (including, without limitation, all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights) in and to the Software and all copies, modifications and derivative works thereof (including any changes which incorporate any of your ideas, feedback or suggestions). You acknowledge that you are obtaining only a limited license right to the Software and that irrespective of any use of the words “purchase”, “sale” or like terms hereunder no ownership rights are being conveyed to you under this Agreement or otherwise.

**6\. Term.** This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and remains in effect until terminated in accordance with this Agreement. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the Software in your possession or control. This Agreement will automatically terminate, with or without notice from Sentry, if you breach any term of this Agreement. Upon termination, you must delete all copies of the Software in your possession or control. Sections 2 (License Restrictions), 4 (Consent to Use of Usage Data), 5 (Ownership), 6 (Term), 7 (Disclaimer), 8 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 9 (Confidential Information), 10 (Export Compliance), 11 (Government End Users) and 12 (General) shall survive any termination of this Agreement.

**7\. Disclaimer.** THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”. NEITHER SENTRY NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR UNDERTAKINGS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF title, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS. HOWEVER, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE LIMITED WARRANTY PERIOD.

**8.** **Limitation of Remedies and Damages.**

8.1\. Neither you nor SENTRY (Including SENTRY’S suppliers) SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, FAILURE OF SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS), EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. THIS SECTION 8.1 SHALL NOT APPLY TO you WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM ARISING UNDER THE SECTIONS TITLED “LICENSE GRANT,” “LICENSE RESTRICTIONS” OR “CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION”.

8.2\. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, SENTRY’S AND ITS SUPPLIERS’ ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU TO SENTRY FOR THE SOFTWARE AND IN NO EVENT WILL IT EXCCEED FIFTY U.S. DOLLARS ($50).

8.3\. The parties agree that the waivers and limitations in this Section 8 apply regardless of the form of action whether in contract, torty (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply even if any limited remedy in this Agreement fails of its essential purpose.

**9\. Confidential Information.** Any software, documentation or technical information provided by Sentry (or its agents) shall be deemed “Sentry Confidential Information” without any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein, you will hold in confidence and not use or disclose any Sentry Confidential Information. You acknowledge that disclosure of Sentry Confidential Information would cause substantial harm to Sentry that could not be remedied by the payment of damages alone and therefore that upon any such disclosure by you, Sentry shall be entitled to appropriate equitable relief in addition to whatever remedies it might have at law.

**10.** **Export Compliance.** You acknowledge that the Software is subject to export restrictions by the United States government and import restrictions by certain foreign governments. You shall not, and shall not allow any third-party to, remove or export from the United States or allow the export or re-export of any part of the Software or any direct product thereof: (i) into (or to a national or resident of) any embargoed or terrorist-supporting country; (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders or U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals; (iii) to any country to which such export or re-export is restricted or prohibited, or as to which the United States government or any agency thereof requires an export license or other governmental approval at the time of export or re-export without first obtaining such license or approval; or (iv) otherwise in violation of any export or import restrictions, laws or regulations of any United States or foreign agency or authority. You agree to the foregoing and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such prohibited country or on any such prohibited party list. The Software is further restricted from being used for the design or development of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons or missile technology, or for terrorist activity, without the prior permission of the United States government.

**11\. Government End-Users.** The Software is commercial computer software. If the user or licensee of the Software is an agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure, or transfer of the Software, or any related documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by a license agreement or by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Software was developed fully at private expense. All other use is prohibited.

**12\. General.** This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s permitted successors and assigns. Sentry may assign this Agreement to any affiliate or in connection with a merger, reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of Sentry’s assets or voting securities. You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without Sentry’s written consent. Any attempt to transfer or assign this Agreement without such written consent will be null and void. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of The State of California and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the California state and United States federal courts located in San Francisco, California, and both parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. The prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorneys’ fees and costs in connection with such action. Sentry reserves the right to modify this Agreement and will give you reasonable notice of any changes. Your continued use of the Software after such notice will indicate your consent to any such changes. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce or exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative on behalf of the party claimed to have waived. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. **Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you have entered into a separate agreement with Sentry for use of the Software, the terms and conditions of such other agreement shall prevail over any conflicting terms or conditions in this Agreement.**

**13\. Contact Information.** If you have any questions regarding this Agreement, please visit us at [https://help.sentry.io/](https://help.sentry.io/).